This is the main repository for my PhD-project "Adaptive Anomaly Detection in computer networks":

The increase in both the number of cyber attacks and their associated global cost emphasise that the prevention of cyber crime is a globally demanded necessity, with the identification of malicious behaviour being a key aspect in this aspiration. Besides the dominant malware detection approach of red-flagging signatures of previously uncovered attacks, more data-centric methods are emerging that use Machine Learning techniques in order to automatically identify malware from observed data. 
My specific project aims at building an adaptive anomaly detection framework that uses the developed ideas on semantic-based software models.  These models abstract the behaviour of a program into sequences of events and actions, and have been shown to provide a basis for malware detection that is robust against new or transforming malware. Current malware detection methods rely on the analysis of program files.  However, in many real-life environments, direct program analysis may not be available. Therefore, a focus of the project will be the reconstruction of behaviour automata from external effects of programs.  Such effects typically include quantities like in- and outgoing network traffic, authentication events, or hardware effects. One of the most common type of such data are network flow events, and will be the central data source in this project.
Applying behaviour models to malware detection is quite new and promises better results through a more general description of the differences between malicious and benign software.  Combined with the completely new scenario of inferring malware infections indirectly from traces in network traffic and other external sources, this project has the potential for significant progress in a field of ever-growing importance.
