# Research Questions

1. ##### What kind of services represent the generation typical enterprise network traffic?
	* Mail transfer
	* IMAP, MS Exchange etc.
		* Do other services like onedrive, spotify work similarly?
	* Web requests
	* File transfer (FTP etc.)
	* Web requests (http, https)

2. ##### Into which generalised subtasks can these services be broken down?
	* How does is a simple html website get transmitted? How does larger data get transmitted on a website? Similar to ftp? How do other services like spotify stream data? Look into connections and into packets to understand html and file transfers


3. ##### How does the traffic generated by these services individually look like when it is completely isolated? That question is in regards to both a connection based level as well as broader action level that generates multiple connections.

4. ##### How much variation is there in the traffic that is generated by individual services depending on the type of their actions?

5. ##### How much variation is there in the traffic of individual actions of services in regards to network infrastructure, host environment etc.

6. ##### How much variation is there in the traffic of individual actions of services depending on the version of the service (i.e. how much does traffic change after a service is updated)?

7. ##### How much variation is there in traffic between different implementations of "standard" network services?

8. 

## Specific experiments

* Ping container
	* 

